Prepare Release - v3.0.2 (#308)
1Password/terraform-provider-onepassword: CHANGELOG.md

---

[//]: # (START/v3.0.2)
# v3.0.2

## Fixes

>  * Update docs to not mention specific provider version. {#297}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Docs are updated to not mention specific provider version. {#297}
```
